Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: All right.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: So. But, David.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: I thought we had run into a landmine, and that you weren't able to do this actual. Make this business happen this way, or have you worked around that.
David Akinyemi: So we've been able to find a potential solution which is partnering with companies
David Akinyemi: and so working with them to change their ruling around edging policies.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: And what's the motivation for them to want it? So you think you're gonna be able to move forward with this.
David Akinyemi: Correct.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Awesome. Okay, then, that's great. I couldn't help but thinking about that as you were pitching so what's your objective with this section. Tell me what order you're going to go with the 3 sections. And what's your objection? Objective for each one.
David Akinyemi: And so traditional order. So the pitch followed by the demo and then QA.
David Akinyemi: And then with this section, we want to use this section to share my story lightly, educate people on like the problem around stock based compensation and the overall risk and then briefly show investors like the market potential.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Yeah. So I want to peel that back a little bit. We gotta get more focused on the objective.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: So don't take this personally, but I'll say it to everybody. Nobody cares about your personal story until they understand what the business is, and should they care about it like relative to the business.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: I think, explaining the the problem is a good one. And I do like that. You make it personal, like your your emotion there with like, yeah, baby, I made it that like that was awesome. That's really really good.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: explaining the problem
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: and then showing the size of yep, I think that's good, overall. Your delivery was good. Do you know, we don't know what the timing was?
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: It's.
David Akinyemi: I think it's over. It's over by a lot. And so that's something.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: You had said that, so you gotta cut it down. The other thing I would do is I would simplify at the end. I wouldn't give away.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: I wouldn't.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: You are packaging up insurance
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: for these employees. How you're actually deciding to hedge the insurance with put options and stuff. That's your issue that's inside a black box.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: So I would rephrase that and not talk about complicated stock trading
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: strategies. But I would say we're offering insurance
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: for the customer or for the employee, so that if their stock does go down
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: the value of it won't
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: you know our.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: and that you gotta figure out how to say it, but I'd make it simple that we ensure that there's a limit to, you know they can. They can buy insurance at various prices that their stock won't go below.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: and then you're imply, and people will figure out that you're hedging. But I would make it simple like they're they're not. They're not waking up, saying, I want to do complicated trading strategies.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: The job to be done for them is, I don't want the value of my compensation to go down.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: So in general, I think your arc is pretty good. But and then what are you going to do with the video? What's your objective with the video.
David Akinyemi: Yes. So
David Akinyemi: again, some more education on, like the risk associated with stock based compensation
David Akinyemi: by like a 2 by 2 comparison. And so, or one by one comparison to one person who use the platform.
David Akinyemi: our platform, one person that that doesn't, and then using that to also show, like
David Akinyemi: what touch does and how it can help users with this problem.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Yeah, so I would.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: So you're telling me what you're doing. I want to know what the objective is. My objective is for investors to walk away thinking.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: this is a unique problem. My objective is for investors to see
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: how simple our solution is. I want them to understand how big the market is like.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: what is the objective? What is success with your video? If the invent, if the people in the audience understand.
David Akinyemi: I think it's understanding what Tux does and how it helps users.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Didn't we cover that in the in the pitch?
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: The the pitch was about what Tux does and how it impacts users because you were talking about your personal journey. The stock went down 40.
David Akinyemi: Yeah.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Right? So typically it would be something like, make it feel, make Demo the product so that they realize it's real. I don't think you're quite there yet.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Maybe show them, you know. Maybe you want to communicate the economics of how it works under the hood.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Maybe you want, but you want to have a really clear.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: really clear objective now, maybe because your pitch is so long, you're gonna have to shorten your pitch. You're not going to be able to accomplish everything in it. And you're gonna have to accomplish some of it in the video.
David Akinyemi: Yeah.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Right.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: But
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: you're gonna you're gonna have to figure this out.
David Akinyemi: Definitely.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Alright!
David Akinyemi: Thanks. Troy.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: All right. Who's next?
Ciera Cravens: We have gift, Graham. So Kevin and Marissa.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Let's do it.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: It's been at least 30 min since I've talked to them
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: this.
Kevin: Nice to see you again. Troy.
Kevin: Okay. So here we go.
Kevin: Okay.
Kevin: So I want all of you to take a second.
Ciera Cravens: Sec. Objective. First.
Kevin: Oh! So!
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: What are the? What order are you doing? The 3 parts? And what's the objective for each one.
Kevin: So it's gonna be gonna be pitch.
Kevin: Video, FAQ,
Kevin: the objective for the pitch
Kevin: is to
Kevin: state the problem how we relate to that actual problem.
Kevin: The objective for the video is to provide the value proposition to the customer and the restaurant
Kevin: and the FAQ is to address underlining questions about the technology that we're using metrics and the size of the market.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Okay? And you meant consumer cause. Your customer is actually the restaurant right?
Kevin: True. Yes, patron, patron and restaurant. Yeah.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Patron and restaurant. Yep, awesome.
Kevin: Pick.
Kevin: So I want all of you to take a second to think of a favorite restaurant that close that you loved, and why you loved it
Kevin: with less than 5% profit margins. It's not uncommon that our favorite spots will close
Kevin: 4 out of 5 restaurants close in 5 years
Kevin: sadly. That's not a very high success rate.
Kevin: I'm Kevin Malley, and I'm CEO of Gift Graham.
Kevin: If Graham started as a digital gift card platform to help restaurants increase their profit margins.
Kevin: But what what? I and my co-founder, Maricell, who's managed restaurants for over a decade discovered, was like other loyalty and reward programs digital gift. Cards do not provide restaurants with what they need most
Kevin: a way to bring back their customers.
Kevin: And how do you do that
Kevin: by identifying them to understand their likes and their dislikes.
Kevin: At Giftgram. We know that we're all different.
Kevin: What works for you may not work for somebody else.
Kevin: and that's why we're empowering restaurants with the first AI generated web 3 platform that helps restaurants better understand and identify their customers upon entry
Kevin: so they can provide unique benefits and memorable experiences that bring them back.
Kevin: We're not your generic loyalty program.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Okay, you're a little long there. It was about what 1 15.
Kevin: Yeah, I need to pick up the
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Yeah, well, don't just rush it, though. What you did. Well, your your pacing was good. So one of the things. So we just did this session with the other group earlier today.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: And a bunch of people their answer to I'm too long was, I'm just gonna talk really fast. And then you won't understand a word that I'm going to say, and it's going to be really boring, because I'm going to talk in the same tone all the time and same pacing, and it's really horrible to listen to.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Right?
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: You did a nice job with your pacing. It sounded conversational. It sounded natural, that's all great. You just have to figure out how to cut out some words to make it fit
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: And
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: I don't know that I loved the opening
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: you opened with something negative. Think of your favorite restaurant that closed.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: huh?
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Like, can we do it? Is there a way to flip this
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: to make it
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: positive
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: like, maybe. Think of the fate you know. Think of your favorite restaurant that you love to go to time and time again.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Why was it different?
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: What made it ha like? Is there some way to make it a positive? We bring that magic
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: on a customized basis to every restaurant?
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: I just. I'd rather see you focus on the positive than the negative
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: and you're gonna have to rewrite a bunch of it, anyway, because you're gonna have to cut out
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: a bunch.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: but
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: yeah, Nelson wrote a comment about the bar and cheers.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: so yeah, in cheers where everybody knows your name. That was the tagline right?
Kevin: Yes. Yes. Yeah.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: And
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: you know. So imagine.
Kevin: We actually call our AI platform norm. So.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Norm, that's awesome. Hey, norm? So
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Because you do that, maybe you
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: literally start out with something about you know many of you in the audience may remember the sitcom cheers where everybody knows your name.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Could you picture Norm
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: ever going to a bar that wasn't run by Sam, it had never happened.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Why? Because of the relationship.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Those relationships are really hard to build.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: But with our AI engine
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: we have the ability to give the restaurant owner an unfair advantage to know their customer, to understand them and provide each of them the unique thing that will make them feel like they're at home.
Kevin: That's awesome.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Right.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: And maybe you play up the cheers thing. And then maybe in your video, you actually, you know, have a cut from the opening of cheers or something, and you I don't know. I mean
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: I love chairs. When I was in college we watched
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: that every Thursday night. But but anyway,
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: so and then.
Kevin: The others.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: The other thing I would I would recommend.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: and is that at the end of your pitch
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: that you do something to tee up the video.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: So now take a look at you know. See how easy it is to be a restaurant. Or, again, we got to decide what the objective of the video is and tee up
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: something along the lines of that objective. So you know, see how easy it is to be a restaurant. See how easy it is to increase profitability in a restaurant.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Watch as we build those relationships, whatever it is.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: but prepare them mentally. They only have a minute
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: of the video. So you want to prepare. Put them in the mindset of what they're looking for, so that they will see it
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: right?
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Yep.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: yeah, alright.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Who's next.
Ciera Cravens: Awesome. So we have Danny next?
Ciera Cravens: yeah, what is? Did you have a you had a name change right?
Danny Pereira: Yeah. Awesome part of technically is next. But I'm this one. I'm happy to go. Just didn't wanna.
Ciera Cravens: Oh, I think in the chat it says that, Dennis, you're you got it so.
Pardo Walter | Trinium Labs: It's okay. You can go, Danny. I've gotta go grab something really quick, and then I can go right after you.
Ciera Cravens: Perfect.
Danny Pereira: Can you guys hear me? Or do you guys hear that fan in the background.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: We hear you fine.
Danny Pereira: Steph.
Danny Pereira: So my co-founder, and saw Helen.
Ciera Cravens: Objective.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Time out
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: what order and objective for each of the 3.
Danny Pereira: Yeah, so the order is intro than the video.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Okay.
Danny Pereira: And then the 3 things that we're trying to get out of this are we're trying to get the people in the audience to feel like they can't live without this. We want them to feel excited about using us in their day to day lives and possible angels.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: So what is the goal? What is the objective of the 1 min pitch.
Danny Pereira: Oh, sorry, to introduce the problem, to show how we solve it and to tee up the video.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Kay.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: and you're gonna show how you solve it with your words.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: You're not using that. The video to show how you solve it.
Danny Pereira: No, we are. We're
Danny Pereira: yeah. Maybe I don't have to. Yeah, you're making me realize maybe I don't have to put anything in here
Danny Pereira: about that.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: It's really your life will get much easier for all of you if you have a very clear objective for each
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: section.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: because then you can focus on it, you can nail it. You can be like, okay.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: the the pitch is all about in this case. Maybe it's all about teeing up the problem.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: and then you've got them curious.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: The video shows them the solution.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Then the you know the QA. Might be to, to, you know. Talk about how we actually implement and deliver it. I made that up. I don't know if that's right.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: but that's the sort of thing that allows you to really focus on each section
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: and have it tight.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Got it?
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: So what's the objective for the pitch, Danny.
Danny Pereira: The objective.
Danny Pereira: Well, what I just said was, but now I'm realizing I need to modulate it to not be so much about showing the problem in the solution, and more so about like the lifestyle that I think it would bring about.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: So the objective is to show the lifestyle. It will bring about.
Danny Pereira: Like using our software will provide for you or like.
Danny Pereira: I guess that's also what I'm trying to do in the video. I'm realizing.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Yeah. So at some point, you have to identify what problem you're solving.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Right?
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Alright. If you have something written up, let's let's take it. But you you're gonna start hopefully. Everybody is seeing how like, oh, crap! If I don't have a clear objective.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: I can't tell the story
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: right? You're gonna end up wandering, using extra words being mishmash. So it's real. It is really important that you have a clear objective for each section. But let's see what you got. Let's take it away.
Danny Pereira: My co-founder saw Hill and I grew up as band kids as French horn players. It always fascinated us. How so many different instruments combined into one symphony. But why am I telling you about our band days? Well, much like a band or work? Life is run with a bunch of different instruments that we call apps platforms and services.
Danny Pereira: The issue is, bands have a conductor to keep them running smoothly. Knowledge workers don't knowledge workers are overwhelmed trying to fit a million different notifications, meetings, and requests with no clear path through the mass. It's not surprising that the average knowledge worker spends about an entire day of the week on busy work, like finding documents.
Danny Pereira: Thankfully, this is what AI was made to solve.
Danny Pereira: That's why we're introducing conductor an OS. Created to intelligently manage the inflow of all your communications and automates problem solving to a couple of clicks with one simple keyboard shortcut, you can interact with conductor offload tasks, recall information, and not only surface insights, but act on them as time goes on. We learn from your habits, and do a better job of predicting your needs and tailoring our actions, our go to market borrows from tried and true playbooks like slack and base camp.
Danny Pereira: We're going to make our end users fall in love with us first, and then turn them into evangelists. As we develop conductive for teams.
Danny Pereira: we believe this is the future of work which will be standard within the next 5 years, rendering a world or AI agents can work for us. All they need is the proper context and control. Our vision is to facilitate a world where most problems can be solved with one click.
Danny Pereira: instead of combing through a million different apps and AI agent platforms. Just communicate with your conductor, and let us do the busy work for you.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: That sounded really long. How was it?
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Alright? A minute, 26.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: So that was long
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: interesting.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: I like the band analogy.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: I didn't think I was going to at first when you opened up with it, but I like the conductor analogy, and the name conductor is great
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: somewhere. You have to get in the word cacophony just because it's such a fun word that you know. Without us your your apps are just a cacophony, something like that that would be awesome, memorable, right?
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: It's only been a couple of weeks since I've talked to you, but I don't know. I have no idea how this thing works.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Is this sort of like, you know, way back in the day of instant messenger and and the various messengers, there were some
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: master messengers where you could get all of your like, your Aol messenger and your other messengers in, and one little window, so you could you could communicate on multiple channels and not care what channel it is. Is it sort of like that. But on steroids.
Danny Pereira: Kind of yeah, but on steroids. So it's like all your comms and data. So if you were to send be like Dan, email, me, Daniel, send me this document, or something, or like when was it? Instead of having to like respond to you? It'll automatically like, pull this document from my computer or the ask, and I just have to click like send. And then it'll just automatically route it to you. I mean, that applies for a variety of different actions, and requests.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: So you're gonna try to be
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: just as email has clients. So like, I use an email client for email.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: you're gonna try to be a client that can tap into email.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: text, chat.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: slack, etc.
Danny Pereira: Correct.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Okay, so I don't. That's great.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: I don't think you're gonna be.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: My data is old. But I had a company that was trying to do this, and they were trying to tap into
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Apple's texting, and they could not.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: I don't know if you've looked into that yet.
Danny Pereira: That's the one thing that we're struggling with. The only way we can do it right now is by scraping their computer on imessage, which we can do. But there's limitations to it. So that's why we focused it on like work right now, versus like that life aspect. Given that, most people at work are living off like email, slack teams, things of that nature to execute like work activities.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: And can you put a client on the front of slack? I don't know.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: I guess you can, because I've seen slack integrations.
Danny Pereira: They have an Ap. They have a pretty robust Api. Yeah.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Kai
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: interesting. Alright, you're gonna have to cut out a lot of words. You were also talking way too fast.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: And you went way too long. So you're gonna have to trim this down. So I said this to the other group.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Here's the deal. If your house were on fire right now, and you had just enough time to run in once you know what you would grab right. You grab the things that are not replaceable.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: so you'd grab the you know paper photos of your grandmother or the the memory be things that are not replaceable.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Your pitch is on fire right now, Danny.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: you gotta grab like you only have time to grab
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: 2 thirds of the things that are in there. What do you grab? And what do you let burn
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: because you can't do it all.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: And so when you look at this pitch and you look at those bullet points that you have for speaking, you're gonna have to let a bunch of them burn.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: And you're gonna just pick what's most important. And I think that's a really good a really good way of thinking about shortening these pitches is like your house is on fire. You can grab 3 things. What is it? Your pitch is on fire. You can only grab so much. What is it
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: because you got to shorten that up.
Danny Pereira: Yeah.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: I.
Danny Pereira: You're not.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: I mean, I think the the message was fairly clear. You just have to get way more concise.
Danny Pereira: You got it.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: All right.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Who's next?
Ciera Cravens: And so we got pardon next.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Pardo!
Pardo Walter | Trinium Labs: Hey, Troy!
Pardo Walter | Trinium Labs: Who are you?
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Hello! Very good. So what are your objectives?
Pardo Walter | Trinium Labs: Yes, our 3 objectives are the for the 1 min pitch is to present folks with the problem how we're going to solve the problem. And then our demo video is going to show how we're uniquely solving the problem. Really building these new set of tools that don't exist yet, and how they can leverage it to in in a way that solves their problem.
Pardo Walter | Trinium Labs: And then the third for our our the third is actually to raise awareness around that we're open towards potential partnerships, and then, of course,
Pardo Walter | Trinium Labs: contributing towards our raise so that we can grow our team.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Tay.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Alright!
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Let's hear the pitch.
Pardo Walter | Trinium Labs: Yup. So I myself several times over the weekend on the pitch. So I am 25 s over, and I'm working on bringing it down. But this is what I've got so far.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Yeah. So when you're 25 s over.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: and I mean you'll go ahead and do it now. But if you were at that pace like you literally have to do the house on fire exercise and be like, what the hell am I gonna let burn and just let it go.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: guys, is
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: you? You're not going to get there by removing a word. You're not going to get there by removing us, you know.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: speaking faster. Alright! Let's hear it.
Pardo Walter | Trinium Labs: I think it's mostly because I pause in between. But yeah, I'll just get get this going.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: You don't have 25 s of pauses.
Pardo Walter | Trinium Labs: Yeah, yeah, so it starts off with the the combined trading volume generated by the global stocks futures and for its markets is over one trillion dollars daily. The technical analysis and trading software market, which are the collections of tools that help with making sense of the billions of data points
Pardo Walter | Trinium Labs: so that you can issue a trade.
Pardo Walter | Trinium Labs: It's expected this market's expected to grow by more than 100 billion over the next 5 years alone.
Pardo Walter | Trinium Labs: That's the market. We're targeting. Why? Because, after hearing from over 50 traders and investors, we realize that even the most advanced tools still far too complex
Pardo Walter | Trinium Labs: leading opportunities obscured by complexity.
Pardo Walter | Trinium Labs: This is the problem we're solving at Trinium labs. And we're starting with Trinium AI, where less than a dozen of our technical indicators behind the scenes perform the work of over 100
Pardo Walter | Trinium Labs: and and our AI, which is trained in all these tools, knows how they work and interpret all this complexity and helps you understand it. But genuine investment opportunities presenting itself.
Pardo Walter | Trinium Labs: Our mission is in making it effortless for anyone to seize opportunities across all markets. The very same opportunities that were previously obscured by complexity.
Pardo Walter | Trinium Labs: And then that's where I see it off to towards the video, and it will like show them visually how these tools work on their behalf.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Yeah, I feel like there is a simpler path.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: alright! Let me try to hit a couple of things.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: What if you opened up by just saying
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: one trillion dollars a day.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: That's how much
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: the value of stock securities that are traded today equals one trillion dollars a day creating billions of data points.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: And even this, even the smartest traders don't know what to do with all that data
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: at trillium labs
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: at Trinium labs. We've taken all of that data.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: put it into
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: an AI engine that knows how to interpret it, knows how to present it to you simply and in a way that you can understand
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: whether you are an experienced trader
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: or a
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: I don't know. 16 year old, Wannabe.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: you can. You can understand dictators and what they mean and what you don't understand. You can ask it
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: simple English language, and it'll respond in English.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: We're taking the complexity out of trading to make traders more profitable. Let me show you how it works.
Pardo Walter | Trinium Labs: Got it. That's actually
Pardo Walter | Trinium Labs: really great. This is recorded right? So I wasn't able to jot jot it all down. But.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: No, no, no, it's it's being recorded for just that reason. So I think that I mean.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: I'm biased because I just came up with it, but I think that structure is pretty good, and you'll if you take that apart, and you know Wordsmith it and make it better. I feel like you can. I think I was about 60 Si didn't feel much longer than 60, so I think that you can. I think you'll be able to get that to 60 s.
Pardo Walter | Trinium Labs: Awesome.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: But what I liked about it. I like the opening, and I just tweaked your. I just played on your opening
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: right?
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: where you taught that. But the fact that a trillion dollars a day is traded
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: is just nutty, and then that next step that obviously creates billions of data points.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Who could ever possibly understand all that
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: the AI can?
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: That's kind of cool.
Pardo Walter | Trinium Labs: That's exactly it. Yep.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Cool.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: That's all right.
Ciera Cravens: Is next.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: All right. Let's hear it.
Ciera Cravens: So that's interesting. Yeah.
Ciera Cravens: Yup. So, Vincent, just go ahead and you can get started and tell us.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Give me the 3. Give me your 3 objectives.
Ciera Cravens: Yes. Yeah.
Vincent Lucero: So the objectives for the pitch are we want to explain?
Vincent Lucero: shoot! I just I just lost it. But
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: So an objective should not start with. I want to explain
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: right? Because that's you're trying to evoke something from the listener.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: So maybe we want the listener to understand something.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: But but an objective is not. I want to explain. Does that makes it like you have to use the perspective of the listener of the audience
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: like, we want the audience to get excited about it. We want them to understand the problem. We want the them to be packed like those are. Those are the kinds of objectives you have.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Does that make sense? Vincent?
Vincent Lucero: Yes, I'm realizing that I actually created my narrative arc with the outcomes for my QA. But not for the pitch, the pitch. We don't quite have.
Vincent Lucero: Okay.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: We can skip.
Vincent Lucero: So I'm gonna skip that part just because I don't wanna waste you guys time. So
Vincent Lucero: what I did do was I followed the stripe methodology. So today lenders deny many more loan applicants than necessary, because they incorrectly believe they cannot lend to the bottom 52% of Americans. Every incorrect loan decision reduces lender revenue, but it actively harms 17 million Americans by making them dependent on 400 Apr payday loans.
Vincent Lucero: Predatory loans are all that is left for them. Because banks, human based under ready is incredibly expensive. And according to Federal reserve research, humans aren't even good at assessing complex risk.
Vincent Lucero: Our solution combines industry expertise across explainable AI loan decision and debt capital into an integrated solution. To help lenders lend more money more safely to more consumers. The magic is in the models. After being featured by visa for our working. AI, we have letters of intent from the 2 largest credit builder cards in the United States to safely expand on the momentum they've brought to borrowers in the lower credit bands with 1.2 trillion dollars in net interest margin every year. Lenny is the lifeblood of the global economy, and we expect to double it.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Alright. So I have a fundamental problem with the structure which is in the beginning
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: slowly read what you started with the beginning about
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: the first paragraph.
Vincent Lucero: Today lenders deny many more applicants than necessary, because they incorrectly believe they cannot safely lend the bottom. 52% of Americans.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Yeah. And then, what's next?
Vincent Lucero: And then every incorrect loan decision reduces lender revenue, but it also actively harms the 17 million American borrowers by making them dependent on 400 Apr. Payday loans.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: So this feels to me like this is about the consumer
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: at this point.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: It doesn't feel like you've it feels like the problem is, the consumer is gonna have to go spend the 400 Apr payday loan.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: And so
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: I think
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: I would try to make it more highly targeted on the bank.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: and and upfront. And so
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: I'm gonna make something up. It's not gonna be good.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: you know.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: everybody understands how banks work.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: They have money that's put on deposit. They pay an interest rate, and then that
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: to get that money, and then they lend it out at a higher interest rate to borrowers.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Banks need to create loans to make money.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Yet 52 of all loans are are rejected because the banks don't feel comfortable that they have enough information to safely
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: lend that money.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: We have a tool that's going to be better. And then you talk about how your tool is better, so that they can make better decisions, allowing them
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: to create more loans which allows the bank to make more money.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: And if you have time, you could say, and as an aside, there's a benefit to the consumer. But I would focus on the bank problem
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: and the bank solution because it gets confusing the way you
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: did it last time? I thought it was all about the consumers. Does that make sense.
Vincent Lucero: It does make sense.
Vincent Lucero: Yeah.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: And I think you were too long. No, you weren't. It looks like you were right at 56, you you also. You did talk really, really fast when you did it.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: go back and listen to the recording, and you'll see. But
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: yeah, I would. I would focus on bank problem.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: cool technology that allows them to loan more with confidence.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Banks will make help, you know. Banks will make more money. And.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: by the way, as you know
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: a side benefit is that more consumers will be able to have access to bank loans, enabling them to get money efficiently rather than having to go to payday loans and pay high rates, you know. Pay
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: users rates something like that if you have time at the end.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: But that but that's an aside. Let's see how banks are. Gonna make more money and then shoot. Shoot them over to the video.
Vincent Lucero: Yeah, yeah, we're actually thinking about starting with the video first to set a little bit more of the context around like
Vincent Lucero: breaking apart, we? We know we we've learned the banks don't really care about the message of inclusion right? And only a subset of Vcs care about that message.
Vincent Lucero: So the morphine need is really from the consumers that are being taken advantage of describing that in the video with like an a little bit more of an example, and then the pitch leaning into more of the bank narrative, and how we solve for it. So that we have set the context with the video about who the end consumer is, and then flipping it over. But I I I actually do like your feedback, and maybe we should make the pitch more about the the bank need.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: I always want the customer who's paying me to have a real need, the job to be done. So
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: I would lead with the bank's need, and how, having more loans, makes the bank more money.
Vincent Lucero: Yeah.
Vincent Lucero: yeah.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: And, by the way, that'll help you sell, too.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: because
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: you you gotta get. You gotta get the banks to buy.
Ciera Cravens: Nice. So we have Malcolm next.
Malc: Hey, everyone, hey, Troy? Good to see you again.
Malc: Cool. Order is pitch video than QA
Malc: objective for the pitch is to make the problem feel real objective. For the video is to simply show them how fun and addicting the game play is so fun and immersive, say, and then the third point are the or the QA. Is really to dig a little bit deeper into kind of size market, and and like plan the points around the opportunity. Essentially. So get people excited around the opportunity.
Malc: Alright, okay.
Malc: in 2019 retail options traders accounted for roughly 25% of daily trading volume
Malc: fast forward to 2023, and this numbers doubled. We can attribute Robinhood and and stock lending platforms for making it easier, making more accessible. But the irony here is that retail traders are losing money faster than ever, 350,000 per day, to be exact.
Malc: Now, some of you might say these folks don't have a clue. What they're doing. That's part of the issue.
Malc: The reality here is that these traders think they're investing, but they're really just speculating. And to make matters worse, they're competing against the wrong component. Sorry opponent. Let's change that. I'm Malcolm SEO. Wage wages. The proving ground for novice traders.
Malc: We allow it to be a more level and even playing field, allowing traders to refine their strategies and find their edge.
Malc: Let's wage.
Malc: That's my transition to the video.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: And then the video is gonna show how it actually works. And then.
Malc: My video. Yeah, I skipped a few sections, but that was a that was a rough gist. And so the video comes in splits in with the start of 2 folks. Day goes ahead to head kind of scenario and shows the game played throughout the day.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: So I think so. You're only 48 s. You have a little more time, and so you could use that to set tee up the fact that this is a game.
Malc: And then.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: This is an opportunity to, you know.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Challenge your friends, show off your expertise.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: You know.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: and and do it in a safe space, where, instead of losing thousands of dollars at a time, you know you're you're betting with your friends $10 at a time. I don't know whatever the like.
Malc: Yep, you got it. Yep.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Yeah,
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: and and the other piece. And I'm gonna push back on this a little bit. It feels to me. So
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: with options. And are you really focused on options trading? Or are you focused on
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: commodities, trading.
Malc: We do. Okay? So so the way it works is, you pick 3 commodities. So you pick a category so you can pick 3 stocks or 3 commodities, and that's your portfolio. The reason I use the reference for options traders is because it's the most high risk. Right? So, and people that are day trading, that more so than stock. So there's more to draw the parallel of that risky decision making. And how we make that we lessen that risk and reduce that. So that was kind of the analogy. But does that get confusing? Is that kind of what I'm hearing.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: It was a little bit confusing, and then the other pieces that you talked that you said 350,000 lose a day. I didn't know what that meant.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Did that mean? 350,000 people traded and added, at loss for that day? But don't you, almost by definition. If you have 700,000 people trading, you're gonna have 350 who lost in 350 who gained right? Like it's. I mean.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: it may not be totally a 0 sum game if the whole market goes up, but.
Malc: Sorry. I'm not sure if I understand your question. What that number was referencing the average amount that retail options traders lose per day. So it's a combined amount. So out of all the retail traders, they lose $350,000 per day. It wasn't reference to the game.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: On average.
Malc: On average. Yes.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Is that of only the losers, or what it was that of
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: everybody who is a retail trader on average, loses $350,000 a day.
Malc: The latter. Yeah.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Well, then.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: why would anybody retail trade like I?
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: I threw him.
Malc: The point I'm making is that they're losing so much money. They don't have another avenue, and so we're allowing you to do is refine that in a lower risk condition by competing head to head against someone.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Yeah.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: I don't believe I don't believe that data point that that the average trader loses 350,000 every single day, because if you were the average trader you'd be losing 2 million dollars a week, and you'd be out of business in a week.
Malc: It's a combined figure, I think that's where we're missing it, I'm saying collectively.
Malc: retail options traders lose that collectively. I'm not sure how many there are per day. I just gave you the initial percentage.
Malc: Does that make sense? It's a combined figure. I'm not saying an individual retail trader loses that per day.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Okay it. The number was confusing either way. So you want to take out confusing numbers.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: alright
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: I'd love to hear you iterate on this and and help you with it a little further. But
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: got it. I was hung up on that piece. Yeah, I would just be. I would go tighter.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: So you know, if you have a used case, and then I really would love you to tee up the idea of gameplay
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: and then be able to go to the video and say, let's see how the game is played.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: I think that would be great.
Malc: Awesome. Appreciate it, Troy. Love it, thank you.
Malc: Yep. Who's.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Next.
Ciera Cravens: We have Brian with circle plus.
Brian Simiyu: I try a hardship of a loss today.
Brian Simiyu: so my structure is a default.
Brian Simiyu: I will be doing the peach, and then the video. And then the QA purpose of the pitch is to entice.
Brian Simiyu: Purpose of the video is to showcase and the Q. And I'll be validating.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Okay. So I'm in the mode.
Brian Simiyu: The.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Were trying to entice me.
Brian Simiyu: Okay.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Entice away.
Brian Simiyu: Oh, we often come across the phrase, know your numbers well, imagine a world where your numbers knew you better than you know them
Brian Simiyu: tackle, plus whether you're an investor or an innovator rather than build top down, we help you build bottom up.
Brian Simiyu: Say goodbye to follow up emails and fancy spreadsheets.
Brian Simiyu: We are shaping a world where you can anticipate what metrics you should track, visualize, and report.
Brian Simiyu: Our platform is a tailor-made command center where you can master the metrics your way.
Brian Simiyu: Thanks for the advances in computing. You can now slice and dice your data, or plug and play your integrations in one single click.
Brian Simiyu: We urge you to join us on our journey to fetch the future, if it happens.
Brian Simiyu: get investors and innovators in the room case where you should send up to sucker plus
Brian Simiyu: do digging.
Brian Simiyu: but that's me.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: I feel like you use too many vague words, and we're not specific enough.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: I don't know. I'm curious. You guys all know each other, and you know what he's doing. But did it feel vague?
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: I'm seeing some nods.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: It didn't feel specific enough.
Brian Simiyu: Let's.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: So
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: I don't know. You know what if we did something like.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: you know?
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: if investors know one thing, they know their numbers.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Investing is a game of spreadsheets
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: and quant, you know, and and and quantifying value. Yet
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: every quarter, every month it's next to impossible to get all those numbers from your portfolio companies.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: spreadsheets, emails, Google drive, etc. at circle plus. We make it easy.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Boom, boom, boom, boom, boom!
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Like, I feel like just being much more specific
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: about what you're actually doing.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: you know. So it's circle plus. We make it easy allowing your portfolio companies to connect their data directly to your dashboard, allowing you to have the allowing investors to have the data they need to make more intelligent decisions, to lean into the right companies to report to their lps.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: We take the pain out of reporting.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: I like being more specific like that.
Brian Simiyu: Okay.
Brian Simiyu: Alright.
Brian Simiyu: Gotcha, thank you for your feedback.
Ciera Cravens: Awesome.
Ciera Cravens: So I think we have
Ciera Cravens: tune day. Next?
Ciera Cravens: Not yeah. Mistaken.
Tunde IO : Quick file. I will go very quickly. Hi, Troy! So the order I'm doing is the the standard order in the
Tunde IO : and the pitch. I want to kind of explain the the problem. Because, yeah, explain the problem. The the demo I want.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: So hang on. I'd said it earlier. You might not have been here. But explaining the problem is from your perspective, I want you to get it from the audience. Perspective. What do you want? The aud. What is your objective for the audience to walk away with.
Tunde IO : I want the audience to understand the pain points.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Okay. So you want the audience to feel the pain.
Tunde IO : Yes, to feel the pain.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: All right. Let's make it more emotional. Feel the pain.
Tunde IO : To feel the pain.
Tunde IO : From the pitch. I want the audience to
Tunde IO : Understand.
Tunde IO : products, how we do what we do
Tunde IO : and also hear from our customers to know that we can actually make the we can solve the problem.
Tunde IO : And then the in the QA.
Tunde IO : I'd like to
Tunde IO : cover off the quite. I would like the audience to be able to to. I'll be able to. I like to answer the questions. Let's bring up the questions that everyone would have around. Specific things like, Go to market. Size of the market. And how do we? We scale.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: So you wanna sell into their objections. Okay, great.
Tunde IO : Except yes.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Alright. Let's hear the first one. I wanna feel the pain. I'm ready. Give me the pain.
Tunde IO : Over the last 10 years. Digital payments in Africa have grown by over 1,500%.
Tunde IO : Now this is largely driven by financial products that are unique to Africa, such as mobile money, Ussd and agency banking.
Tunde IO : So what is so unique about these financial products? Well, let's take agency banking as an example. This is just a fancy way of saying you have an individual walking around with a pos machine that acts as a bank.
Tunde IO : second deposits and facilitating withdrawals.
Tunde IO : Now that's great for financial inclusion in underserved markets.
Tunde IO : but not so much for compliance.
Tunde IO : Africa, UN. Africa's unique financial products have led to unintended consequences with an alarming rise in payment. Fraud.
Tunde IO : according to the Financial Action Task Force. Nearly one in 2 Africans has experienced or are vulnerable to payment fraud.
Tunde IO : Now, that's not just a statistic. I have been a victim of payment fraud
Tunde IO : multiple times, and you could say, Bro, come on, how could you get taking more than once.
Tunde IO : But trust me, I've done all I can do. It's the payment system that is failing me.
Tunde IO : My name is Sunday. I am the co-founder and CEO of Reck file, and along with my co-founders in the middle Antoniwa we are building rek, file the gold standard for compliance in Africa.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: I thought you set it up really nicely.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Your goal was to feel the pain you said. You've been hit more than once.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: I have no idea how you're solving it, but I guess that's gonna come in the video.
Tunde IO : Yes, correct. I I'd see it up for the video. And then it kind of shows how we do it. It. It's
Tunde IO : products I miss a customer journey once they get on boarded, how the system protects them! So it's like a.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: User training window.
Tunde IO : Use the platform.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: And is your customer the consumer? Or is your customer the
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: the unregulated bank.
Tunde IO : The financial institution. Yeah.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: So
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: why aren't you talking about the financial institutions? Pain.
Tunde IO : That's a good point.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: They're the ones who have to buy right? They're.
Tunde IO : Correct, so.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: So if they're the ones who have to buy you, you better be solving a pain for them.
Tunde IO : Yeah.
Tunde IO : you make a very good point, I think. We were
Tunde IO : looking to draw more emotion out of more relatable pain.
Tunde IO : But yeah, I see. I see the point.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: So. And I get a little confused when you say financial institution, because I don't know. Is it the person who's walking around with the pos and doing the stuff? Or is it like the banks that back them? But
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: But I feel like you could make the connection
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: in that you can say.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: and I don't have the right words. But if you said something, you know.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: mobile transactions in Africa are growing rapidly, it's awesome for inclusion. But there's a ton of fraud. I know it. I've been. I've been a victim of it myself multiple times
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: as a victim of fraud. I have lost trust in the financial institutions that I deal with.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Those financial institutions have a real problem.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: So we have taken and you've got you have a great team. Right? You have great resumes. We have an amazing team. If you could.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: you know, talk a little bit about the background really quickly. But with our amazing world class team. We've actually put together tools that help those financial institutions gain the trust to consumers growing their deposits, growing their transactions and making them the leaders in a competitive marketplace.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: I I don't know that those are the right words, but that arc. If you want to start with the pain of the consumer. That's fine, but I feel like you have to get it over to the bank because you're going to talk about how you're selling the banks.
Tunde IO : Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: If you don't trust a bank, you're not going to put your money there. You're not going to do business with them, and they're going to be out of business really fast.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: and so in the end, maybe your maybe your tagline is we help Banks earn the trust of their consumers. Let me show you how it works.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: And then you go to the video.
Tunde IO : Thank you. Troy.
Ciera Cravens: Do we have time for one more superbook.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Yep.
Ciera Cravens: Okay, alright. So then we got Burhan.
Burhan Syed: Alright. I'll make it super quick standard sort of pitch. And then Video.
Burhan Syed: cool.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: What's the objective of your pitch?
Burhan Syed: Okay. The initial objective was to really put the people that are listening to me in the shoes of a dentist and feel that pain. But I think I'm gonna start making a new pitch that tells more of a story rather than focuses on that pain point.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: So what's the objective of the pitch?
Burhan Syed: The objective of the pitch is to get people to understand that dental practices are suffering because they don't have automated ways of booking appointments.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: So they're missing revenue.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Okay.
Burhan Syed: Missing revenue, and are inefficient. Yeah.
Burhan Syed: Alright, I shall go.
Burhan Syed: So the dental industry is suffering. Dental practices are in the business of maximizing the number of appointments at the lowest cost possible, yet they still use the most expensive and manual method of scheduling appointments. A receptionist, in fact, 70% of a receptionist time is spent on the phone scheduling appointments while also juggling in person. Customer service.
Burhan Syed: Unsurprisingly, 30% of calls made to a dental practice are missed and the majority are never returned. To make matters worse, practices are extremely short staffed, and receptionists have a very high turnover rate.
Burhan Syed: so put yourself in the shoes of a dentist for a minute. How do you operate a business profitably when your receptionist are overworked? Can't return every call, charge over $30 an hour, and may leave. You can't in the business of maximizing appointments at the lowest cost possible. Dentists are failing.
Burhan Syed: That's why we built Rhonda, an AI receptionist for dentists. Rhonda works 24, 7 can take hundreds of calls at a time, integrates with the practices existing technology, and does all this work at a fraction of the cost of the human receptionist.
Burhan Syed: Rhonda never misses a call and is built to maximize revenue. The best part. Nothing changes. The patient still calls the clinic, but this time, Rhonda answers the phone.
Burhan Syed: Here's a video of showing around at work.
Burhan Syed: That's the pitch.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: I like that one.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: I mean you. You did. You told a story, but you made it very clear.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: The only piece that I don't like is
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: that you see, you said in the beginning
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Dennis are in the business of getting as many patient as many appointments as possible at the lowest cost possible at the lowest cost.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: and that kind of made Dennis feel cheap
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: and
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: you know I would probably do it a little differently where I would talk about. Oh,
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Dentists.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Dennis love their craft, and and you know, and helping people with their teeth. What they hate is administration, and the worst of it is scheduling appointments.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: They literally hire a full time person to do nothing but answer the phones.
Burhan Syed: Yeah.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: You know we can do a much better job than that.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: and then you can tie back to in the end. You can tie back to something like. So this is Rhonda, you know. Let's watch how Rhonda
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: makes more. Dennis, you know, be able to focus on the work that they love, and the
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: something like that.
Burhan Syed: Okay, got it so reframe it. So that sounds less sleazy.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Yeah, it sounded kind of cheap, Dennis, you said. I think your words were like Dennis, are in business of getting as many appointments as they can as cheaply as possible through as cheaply as possible.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: It just.
Burhan Syed: Technically, true, okay.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: I don't, but I don't.
Burhan Syed: I agree with you. I I agree.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: See? See what you can do. I mean, it's up to you all of this. I want to be clear. I'm giving you my opinion.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: And you're gonna get, you know, if yes, 10 people, you get 20 different opinions. So I'm not saying my opinion is right.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Take from it what's valuable leave on the table. What is it?
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: It's up to you guys to do something that is authentic to you that you're passionate about, and that you're going to feel really great about when you get up there and pitch it.
Burhan Syed: Right. Thanks. Troy.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Awesome. I will see you all soon.
Ciera Cravens: Bye, everyone.
Ciera Cravens: hey? Thank you.